# 440Project
final project for 440

Please be sure to read this first. After this, please read the paper. After the paper, watch the video, and then look at the preprocessing notebook and then the training/testing notebook. My project is somewhat unconventional and can be difficult to understand without the prerequisite knowledge. I got permission from Professor Fabio Abreu de Santos to do this as my final project. For reference, my final project is based on work I completed at the ISAT lab with my mentor, Professor Nathaniel Blanchard along with some help from an undergraduate and graduate students. We submitted the abstract to the HCII conference and were accepted. I am one of the leads on the paper. The paper itself will be much longer and have more content but for this class, I didn't want to do more than the 4 pages that was requested as that felt more fair in comparison to other projects. I understand that machine learning is just one small component of this project but he improved of it anyways. Also, he mentioned it was fine if my paper did not have mathmatical diagrams explaining the models (as they are all classical machine learning models). He also said it was fine that most of my code was written with the help of the research lab and has been reused over and over again (not all of it some of it is completely new). Since I did not have a 440 team for this final project, think of my research lab as my team. You can clone this repo, but do not try to run the code without following the directions.

After you read the paper and watch the video, look at the information below.

To test the preprocessing code, be sure to use 
